Testing Gravity 2023
====================

18-21 January 2023, SFU Harbour Center, Vancouver, BC, Canada
-------------------------------------------------------------

---

Testing Gravity returns to SFU Harbour Centre January 18-21, 2023,
following a pause due to the COVID pandemic. Testing Gravity 2023
(TG2023) will be the 4th Testing Gravity conference hosted in-person
by SFU, bringing together leading experts on various ways of testing
laws of gravity. Testing Gravity remains a topical theme because of
the unexplained nature of dark matter and dark energy and the
long-standing failure to reconcile gravity with quantum physics.
Like the 2015, 2017 and 2019 meetings, TG2023 will feature latest
updates from gravitational wave and astrophysical observatories,
lab-based experiments, as well as discussions of recent theoretical
advances. The conference aims to provide theorists working on extensions
of General Relativity with a realistic perspective on what aspects of
their theories can be tested. On the other hand, the experimentalists
and observers will get a chance to learn about new ideas that their
experiments can test.

Wednesday, January 18th, will feature a school with five review
lectures given by some of the invited speakers providing background
into the key topics covered by the conference. The main conference,
January 19-21, will include invited and contributed talks, and a
poster session.

---

This repository tracks assets and content for automatically generated
HTML layout. To update live website, commit your changes and send pull
request to [maintainer](https://github.com/andrei-v-frolov).
